content/homepage.md, before:

---
homepage: true

---

The 23rd Conference on Selected Areas in Cryptography (SAC 2016) will be held at
Memorial University of Newfoundland, St. John's, NL, Canada,
on 10–12 August 2016.

Conference co-chairs:

* Roberto Avanzi, Qualcomm
* [Howard Heys](https://www.mun.ca/engineering/about/people/howardheys.php),
  Memorial University of Newfoundland


## Topics
There are four areas covered at each SAC conference. Three of the areas are permanent:

1. design and analysis of symmetric key primitives and cryptosystems,
   including block and stream ciphers, hash function, MAC algorithms,
   cryptographic permutations, and authenticated encryption schemes,
1. efficient implementations of symmetric and public key algorithms and
1. mathematical and algorithmic aspects of applied cryptology.

The special selected topic for SAC 2016 is:

<ol start="4">
<li>Side channel, fault and related attacks on symmetric and asymmetric
    cryptographic primitives and their countermeasures.</li>
</ol>


### SAC Summer School (S3)

Once again this year, the conference will have associated with it, a 2 day
summer school preceding the main conference. Detailed subjects will be selected
from the four conference topics and leading researchers will be invited as
speakers for the school. More details will follow in the upcoming weeks.


## Important Dates

|                                |                    |
|--------------------------------|--------------------|
| Paper submission deadline      |      ~~18 May 2016~~ (closed) |
| Modifications allowed until    |      ~~22 May 2016~~ (closed) |
| Notification of decision       |        28 Jun 2016 |
| Pre-proceedings deadline       |        18 Jul 2016 |
| SAC Summer School              |       8–9 Aug 2016 |
| Conference                     |     10–12 Aug 2016 |


## Conference Overview
The Selected Areas in Cryptography (SAC) conference series was initiated in
1994, when the first event was held at Queen's University in Kingston.
The SAC conference has been held annually
[since 1994 in various Canadian locations](http://sacconference.org/SAC-history.html),
including Burnaby, Calgary, Kingston, Montreal, Ottawa, Sackville, St. Johns,
Toronto, Waterloo and Windsor.
SAC 2016 is held in co-operation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR),
which is the leading professional organization for cryptographic research.
The SAC proceedings are published by Springer in the
Lecture Notes in Computer Science series.


## Sponsors and partners

Financial support for SAC 2016 has been graciously provided by:

<div class="row">

{{% wide-tile "wide sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/">
    <img src="images/microsoft-research.jpeg" alt="Microsoft Research"/>
  </a>
</div>

{{% /wide-tile %}}

{{% tile "sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="https://www.mun.ca/engineering/ece">
    <img src="https://www.mun.ca/engineering/images/content/9_rs.jpg"
      alt="Engineering @ Memorial University"/>
  </a>
</div>
{{% /tile %}}

{{% tile "sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="https://www.mun.ca/">
    <img src="https://www.mun.ca/marcomm/brand/standards/logos/MUN-Logo-RGB-large.jpg"
      alt="Memorial University"/>
  </a>
</div>
{{% /tile %}}

{{% tile "sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="https://aarms.math.ca/">
    <img src="images/aarms.png" alt="AARMS logo"/>
  </a>
</div>
{{% /tile %}}

</div>

Permission to use the banner image at the top of this page has been graciously
provided by [Shaun Killen Photography](http://www.shaunkillenphotography.com).

Commit message:

Update S3 blurb on front page.

content/homepage.md, after:

---
homepage: true

---

The 23rd Conference on Selected Areas in Cryptography (SAC 2016) will be held at
Memorial University of Newfoundland, St. John's, NL, Canada,
on 10–12 August 2016.

Conference co-chairs:

* Roberto Avanzi, Qualcomm
* [Howard Heys](https://www.mun.ca/engineering/about/people/howardheys.php),
  Memorial University of Newfoundland


## Topics
There are four areas covered at each SAC conference. Three of the areas are permanent:

1. design and analysis of symmetric key primitives and cryptosystems,
   including block and stream ciphers, hash function, MAC algorithms,
   cryptographic permutations, and authenticated encryption schemes,
1. efficient implementations of symmetric and public key algorithms and
1. mathematical and algorithmic aspects of applied cryptology.

The special selected topic for SAC 2016 is:

<ol start="4">
<li>Side channel, fault and related attacks on symmetric and asymmetric
    cryptographic primitives and their countermeasures.</li>
</ol>


### SAC Summer School (S3)

Once again this year, the conference will have associated with it, a 2 day
summer school preceding the main conference.
This year's theme for the school is "Secure and Efficient Implementation of
Cryptographic Algorithms".
Information on the talks and speakers can be found on the
[S3 page]({{% relref "s3.md" %}}).


## Important Dates

|                                |                    |
|--------------------------------|--------------------|
| Paper submission deadline      |      ~~18 May 2016~~ (closed) |
| Modifications allowed until    |      ~~22 May 2016~~ (closed) |
| Notification of decision       |        28 Jun 2016 |
| Pre-proceedings deadline       |        18 Jul 2016 |
| SAC Summer School              |       8–9 Aug 2016 |
| Conference                     |     10–12 Aug 2016 |


## Conference Overview
The Selected Areas in Cryptography (SAC) conference series was initiated in
1994, when the first event was held at Queen's University in Kingston.
The SAC conference has been held annually
[since 1994 in various Canadian locations](http://sacconference.org/SAC-history.html),
including Burnaby, Calgary, Kingston, Montreal, Ottawa, Sackville, St. Johns,
Toronto, Waterloo and Windsor.
SAC 2016 is held in co-operation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR),
which is the leading professional organization for cryptographic research.
The SAC proceedings are published by Springer in the
Lecture Notes in Computer Science series.


## Sponsors and partners

Financial support for SAC 2016 has been graciously provided by:

<div class="row">

{{% wide-tile "wide sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/">
    <img src="images/microsoft-research.jpeg" alt="Microsoft Research"/>
  </a>
</div>

{{% /wide-tile %}}

{{% tile "sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="https://www.mun.ca/engineering/ece">
    <img src="https://www.mun.ca/engineering/images/content/9_rs.jpg"
      alt="Engineering @ Memorial University"/>
  </a>
</div>
{{% /tile %}}

{{% tile "sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="https://www.mun.ca/">
    <img src="https://www.mun.ca/marcomm/brand/standards/logos/MUN-Logo-RGB-large.jpg"
      alt="Memorial University"/>
  </a>
</div>
{{% /tile %}}

{{% tile "sponsor" %}}
<div class="logo">
  <a href="https://aarms.math.ca/">
    <img src="images/aarms.png" alt="AARMS logo"/>
  </a>
</div>
{{% /tile %}}

</div>

Permission to use the banner image at the top of this page has been graciously
provided by [Shaun Killen Photography](http://www.shaunkillenphotography.com).
